# SCiPnet - Deepwell CLI

For my final project, I have chosen to create a command-line access terminal for the SCiPnet, using Python.

## Video Demo

## Disclaimer of Generative AI

As this has been an incredibly large project, it wasn't one I could complete alone. Due to this, I have used generative AI tools (such as ChatGPT, Claude, GitHub Copilot, etc.) during the creation process. You can treat this as a collaborative project, with me and GitHub Copilot working together.

### What is AI generated?
- web scrapers & tests – almost entirely Claude (left out of final project submission)
- displays
    - The wording of most messages and some display design was generated by ChatGPT.
- migration from CS50's SQL tools to SQLAlchemy assisted by Claude
    - utils/sql/core, utils/sql/transformers/RefModels – almost Entirely Claude
- migration from hardcoded to TypedDict server-client comms assisted by Claude

## So what is the SCiPnet?

The SCP Foundation is a fictional international organization that specializes in the control of anomalous entities and objects. Things that don’t follow the normal laws of reality. Those things have files. Lots of files. The job of the SCiPnet is to provide a way for Foundation agents across the globe to access the deepwell, the Foundation’s central server. These files can be accessed via the [SCP Wikidot](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/).

### Why have this if we have the Wikidot?

My project is an attempt at extending the Wikidot site to provide a new way to access files. The goal is to emulate a real service that the Foundation could use if they existed. As part of this, I have attempted to make all displays and messages entirely in-universe. To do this, I have made slight modifications to SCPs, Sites, etc. All main content is from the [SCP Wikidot](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/), and I claim no ownership over any of the SCPs, sites, etc. accessible through this project.

### Great! Now, what is you project?
My CS50 Final Project is a command-line Python app that provides access to SCPs, sites, MTFs, and users that are in the deepwell. While quite minimal right now, I intend to enhance its functionality over time. Planned enhancements can be found below. If you have any sugestions or improvements, or you find a bug, feel free to create a pull request or issue!

#### Roadmap (Unordered)
- [ ] Update server-client comms to use TLS
- [ ] Add overloads to `socket/transport/send()`
- [ ] Allow access via file name
- [ ] Allow access to Audit logs
- [ ] Add `SEARCH` function to filter files
- [ ] Enhance displays to the point of a TUI
- [ ] Display a user's audit log when user is displayed
- [ ] Set up a always-on server instead of localhost
    - [ ] Only allow user access via Administrator account
- [ ] Improve server logging
- [ ] Separate deepwell from this repo

## How to run
This repo contains all scripts you need to run both the server and client. `CS50xFP/server.py` and `CS50xFP/client.py` will start the server and client. Make sure you start the server before the client to prevent connection errors.

### Quickstart Guide (Windows 11)
1. Scroll to the top of the page and press `Code`, then `Download ZIP`
2. Save to a folder. We'll call it `Foo`
3. Go to https://www.python.org/downloads/ and press `Download Python install manager`
4. Save to a folder. We'll call it `Bar`
5. Go to `Bar`, and follow the instructions in the install manager to set up Python (Ideally version 3.13)
6. Go to `Foo` and unzip the downloaded code
7. Navigate to the `SCiPnet` folder
7. In file explorer press the bar where it shows `Foo > SCiPnet`
8. Type `cmd` and press enter. A command prompt should open. Do this twice.
9. In one prompt enter the following commands:
    - `pip --version` – This should output something like: `pip 25.3 from C:\Users\User\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python313\Lib\site-packages\pip (python 3.13)`
    - If the above command was not successful, try `pip3 --version`
    - run `pip install -r requirements.txt` or `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
10. You're all set up!
11. Now run `python CS50xFP/server.py`
12. Navigate to the other terminal and run `python CS50xFP/client.py`
13. Congrats :) 🎉

## What can I do?
- Commands are formatted as uppercase but are not case sensitive.
- Valid file types are `SCP`, `SITE`, `MTF`, or `USER`.

### Valid Commands
`ACCESS`: used to access a file. Format: `ACCESS [filetype] [file id]`
While the use of file ID can make files hard to access, I plan to make a search command where you can search for files based on type and name.

`LOGOUT`: terminate your connection to the deepwell

`CLEAR`/`CLS`: clears the screen

`HELP`: displays a simple guide to using available commands
